Update FAQ.md (#258)
TheOdinProject/top-meta: FAQ.md

**Start here:**

[FAQ](https://www.theodinproject.com/faq)

[About](https://www.theodinproject.com/about)

[Community Rules](https://www.theodinproject.com/community_rules)

[Community Expectations](https://www.theodinproject.com/community_expectations)

[How to Ask Technical Questions](https://www.theodinproject.com/how_to_ask)

**==== FEATURED QUESTION ====**

[Why can't I use Windows?](https://discord.com/channels/505093832157691914/690588860085960734/828714982253789215)

**=========================**

**What does "TOP" mean?**

TOP is the abbreviation of The Odin Project

**Can TOP help get me a job?**

> We do not offer job services, however, completing TOP means you have the skills and qualifications to find a job, see <#669547324707569665> and the getting hired section of the curriculum. <#1013804065169346631> are also a good source of motivation.

Author: great suggestion, I'm going to figure out the batch to commit now.

**Does TOP give certificates?**

No, certificates do not have much value outside of very small niches in IT, usually not programming. After TOP, your portfolio should speak for itself

**When should I use ModMail?**

If you see anything in the server that you believe is against our community rules, we encourage you to send a DM to <@575252669443211264> and to not address the issue yourself. You can also send a DM to <@575252669443211264> if you're not sure if you're allowed to share something in our channels.

**When should I NOT use Modmail?** 

Please don't use <@575252669443211264> for personal TOP advice, programming help or casual chats with the team.

**Can I post my affiliate links, self promote, advertise my server/product here?**

Almost always no. Do not assume you have permission. We may entertain things that are not designed to make money or take away from the mission of TOP. Please ask us in a DM to <@575252669443211264>.

**How long does TOP take?**

> There is no data on this information, between 3 months and 3 years seems to be the range. More info [here](https://discord.com/channels/505093832157691914/505093832157691916/765633002393829389).

Author: I'm not sure I have done this correctly. I updated the suggestion to `Read this [great message about the time it may or may not take]` and now I'm not sure that removes your suggestion

**Can I contribute?**

Of course, check out [our Github](https://github.com/TheOdinProject) and follow the contributing guide.

**What is Thinkful and their relationship to TOP?**

Thinkful pays for the domain and servers, it was part of the deal when Erik sold Viking Code School to Thinkful. They don't ask us for anything in return except a small ad on the site. They do not use our curriculum, nor do they contribute to ours. TOP is fully run by the Core and Maintainer teams, as well as other contributors on a volunteer basis.

**Are you affiliated with "_ bootcamp"?** 

> Unless it is Thinkful, no. [Read here for more information](https://discord.com/channels/505093832157691914/505093832157691916/781170792095809547).

Author: I'm not sure how many times MV has been mentioned lately. It seems to be a lot less compared to when I started out. If it doesn't seem to be a problem anymore I'd vote to remove it.

> Unless it is Thinkful, no. [Read here for more information](https://discord.com/channels/505093832157691914/505093832157691916/781170792095809547).

Reviewer: Just my 2 pence but I'd keep the MV bit. It might sadly be the case that in the future (or even currently and we don't know about it) does the same thing and someone seeing this bit may start wondering about that MV-like boot camp they're going through.

> Unless it is Thinkful, no. [Read here for more information](https://discord.com/channels/505093832157691914/505093832157691916/781170792095809547).

Author: I guess that might be more reason to consider removing it then. I remember it being brought up daily last year. Now I hardly ever see it come up.

**Does TOP teach Python or any other language?**

> Visit [our website](https://www.theodinproject.com/ "our website") to see what is covered, and also read [this](https://discord.com/channels/505093832157691914/505093832157691916/739908597873508454).

Author: Thank you for removing that, I must have missed that one. That is some copy paste formatting that happens when I copy from discord to md.

**Which path should I take? / What language should I learn?**

It doesn't matter, though there's more information at the end of Foundations. Don't worry until you have completed Foundations. See above.

**In what order should I take the courses of the curriculum?** 

You should start at the beginning and not skip, even if you feel you are experienced. Part of what makes TOP work is building on previous knowledge in the curriculum. If you know the stuff, it will go quickly, if you do not, you'll be glad you did it. TOP expects you to have gone through the previous sections before each next section. This is a curriculum, not a collection of tutorials.

**Should I take notes?** 

Mostly, no. Understanding > memorization. Read more information [here](https://discord.com/channels/505093832157691914/505093832157691916/768161823366578176).

**Do I need a degree to get a job?**

Generally no, however a degree can help you get past some non-understanding HR people. Many people have become successful without them, see <#1013804065169346631>.

**Should I do multiple courses at the same time?** 

> No. [See this for more information](https://discord.com/channels/505093832157691914/505093832157691916/778727680438698055). 

Author: Changed `No` into `We strongly advice against this`

**Is there an Odin dark theme?** 

Yup! If you are not logged in, you will see a little moon and sun icon in the top nav bar. If you are logged in, you will see the choice when you click on the user icon in the top nav bar. Keep in mind it is in beta, so if you see something that needs to be addressed, you can let us know in the suggestions-bugs channel. 

**Is TOP hard?** 

> Very, but that doesn't mean you can't do it. Learning programming in general is tough, no matter where you go. Grit is something you will need to develop to get through it, read about it [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grit_(personality_trait)). 

Author: I also considered linking to one of the articles shared in the 'motivation and mindset' lesson instead of a Wikipedia article. Maybe the video even but I wasn't sure. What do you think?

**Does the TOP staff get paid?** 

Nope, this is run by the community, for the community without pay of any sort. 

**What is a "help vampire" or "vamp"?** 

> [This](http://slash7.com/2006/12/22/vampires/) is actually a really good read about one of the biggest problems that exists in online communities. Simply asking questions does not make a help vampire. 

Author: I'd maybe change this to something different altogether
```suggestion
Help vampires are very common but also very detrimental to online communities. [This article explains how to recognise help vampire behaviour](http://slash7.com/2006/12/22/vampires/). Simply asking questions does not make someone a help vampire. 
```

> [This](http://slash7.com/2006/12/22/vampires/) is actually a really good read about one of the biggest problems that exists in online communities. Simply asking questions does not make a help vampire. 

Author: done, great suggestion @BlizZard-bot ! Thank you

**How can I help others solve their coding problems?** 

Read our [guide on helping others solve coding problems](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/foundations/courses/foundations/lessons/join-the-odin-community#how-to-help-others-solve-coding-problems). 

**How should I ask questions?**

> [Read this]([https://discord.com/channels/505093832157691914/505093832157691916/853784735292325898](https://www.theodinproject.com/how_to_ask)).

Author: ```suggestion
[This lesson about asking questions](https://www.theodinproject.com/how_to_ask) in the curriculum is a great starting point.
```

Author: This was the one I mentioned but apparently changed the link for incorrectly (fixed it).

The link to discord: https://discord.com/channels/505093832157691914/505093832157691916/853784735292325898

I am not committing my suggestion yet since I want to change the link to the actual lesson in the curriculum instead of the technical questions article currently linked. 

Just want to hear what link others would prefer.

The discord link is not present in the wiki, unless you think that’s not needed since it turned into a lesson.
